General requirements for all the tasks
Those requirements are applied to all the tasks, if not provided in the task explicitly

Questions
You should be using Discord as the main mean of the communication. We will try to collect your questions regarding each of the tasks using special form, which will be provided via the Discord with the 1st Module start. Questions will be collected in respective section of the spreadsheet, which also will be provided via the Discord with the 1st Module start. Please, check answers carefully before posting the question, may be your question has been answered already.

Repository requirements
The task should be completed in your personal private repository.
In the repository, create a branch from the main branch using the name suggested in the task and work within this newly created branch.
The commit history should reflect the process of creating the app. Refer to Commit requirements for details.
Once development is complete, you need to create a Pull Request from the current task branch to the previous task branch, or main if the previous task branch doesn't exist or the task is not inherited from the previous one. Refer to Pull Request requirements for details.
After completing the module, private repository should be exposed for the duration of the cross-check (please check the schedule). When the cross-check is finished, repository should be made private again.
Do not merge Pull Request from the development branch to the main branch

Cross-code-review process
Clone the repository you are going to review
Install all the required dependencies
Run linting using special command in package.json file, output should not produce any errors or warnings
Run tests using special command in package.json file, all tests should pass, test coverage should be shown after running all the tests
Review the code. Pay attention at the following "code smells":
props drilling;
large, complex components aka "god" components;
direct DOM manipulation, methods like appendChild, setAttribute, innerHTML, and other - anything that makes React to lose track of the DOM changes. Argument of createRoot is an exception;
When reviewing the code try pay attention at the following principles:

Write code as simply as possible: KISS
Avoid unnecessary repetition: DRY
Delete what is not needed: YAGNI
We also need to mention the Single Responsibility Principle and other SOLID principles Please, check this article for reference Last, but not least - check the presence of the comments. Ideally there shouldn't be any comments at all. Sometimes people just comment code which is not needed. So why not to remove it entirely? In case you will need to restore this code, you can always refer to the git history. And more - comments are lies

Cross-check process
Run app and check that the functionality is working (cross-check). You can check details here

Mentor's review process
A mentor check task must be submitted to the Mentor's review block in the Dashboard section of the RS App before the deadline. You can check details here